Intro:
Hi i am Ashutosh, from Kolkata. I have been working in the IT industry for the last 4.5 years. 
I have started as a Java and Database administrator roles in Capgemini. 
Then i have been working on microservice projects in Qburst as Java SE 8 & SpringBoot developer. 
I have worked on projects having domains of Logistics , Retail , e-commerce , and Electric Vehicle connected services. 

Product based 

Project Discussion: 
I am working on a Microservice architecture based project. I am a part team who is developing and managing one of the microservice. 

Project techstack: 
Microservice based architecture 
Frontend apps are developed using JS and React library 
Authentication services are using Kong Authentication 
API gateway is also developed using Node JS 
Backend services are developed using Java, Node JS, GoLang 
For each backend Microservice there is a single DB, which is of PostgreSQL 
Caches are implemented using Redis 
For cloud deployment we are using AWS services 
Our application are dockerized along with the DB , and deployed in Amazon ECS cluster
We are also using Amazon S3 buckets, to store files 
Code are stored in Github repo
For CICD we are using Jenkins server, which pulls the latest code from Git repo, builds and deploys in AWS ECS 
We are using Kibana to view the Application logs,
Also, using Amazon cloudwatch using sends alerts through Slack channels 

Price Platform Microservice:
Techstack: 
Developed using Java and SpringBoot framework
For connecting to DB we are using mybatis-framework as a Java persistence tool 
We are using PostGreSQL as DB, Cache is done in Redis, SQL file versioning done using Flyway 
Maven is used a build tool 
for Unit testing : JUnit with Mockito library 
Using docker-compose files to dockerize the app
Code coverage : Jacoco (maven plugin: jacoco-maven-plugin)
Application, DB and Redis cache are dockerized and depoyed in ECS 
API testing is done in Postman client 

Roles: 
I am a developer in this project. 
 extra:
    daily scrum meetings, we get the tasks 
    For any new features/breaking changes - discussion with architects 
    prepare the SRS documents - get it approved 
    API design documents 
    Start coding the services , write unit test cases 
    Code coverage 85% -90% 
    involved in scratch dev projects and also enhancement projects 

JIRA flow: 
   Epics -> user Story -> Tasks -> Subtasks 
   In a sprint we are assigned few tasks.
   Tasks are divided into Subtasks assigned to individual members. 
   User story generally depicts a feature which will deliver value to the end-user 